# introsde-2015-assignment-1
The project has java application files to display and calculate health profile of individuals. In addition, it contains java application that does marshalling and un-marshalling using JAXB and generated classes. it also contains xsd file (person2.xsd)which validates xml file (people2.xml ). From the Git Bash the command ant compile is executed to download ivy and the dependencies plus generation of class files 

The  HealthProfilerReader.java consists of solutions that implements: getWeight and getHeight methods by passing ID as a parameter , prints all people in the list with detail, takes id as parameter and prints the HealthProfile of the person with that id and accepts a weight and an operator (>) as parameters and prints people that fulfill that condition. The JAXB marshaller converts java objects into xml file (people.xml) and displays whereas the JAXB unmarshaller converts from xml objects into java. Similarly, the code contains a file that converts java objects into json (people.json). 

In order to run the HealthProfilerReader.java for reading the people2.xml file using x-path: Create a project in eclipse and import the HealthProfilerReader.java class and Add the xml file people2.xml to the project folder. Run the HealthProfilerReader.java: to get weight and height, health profile of a person with by using id, health profile of a person given weight and operator, and to view all persons’ health profile details from people2.xml file. It is also possible to run from the Git Bash by executing the command: ant execute.HPReader. The marshalling and un-marshalling using JAXB and generated classes, from the Git Bash can be done using the commands ant execute.JAXBMarshaller and ant execute.JAXBUnMarshaller, respectively. Similarly, execute the command ant execute.JavaJson to convert json objects to java. In short all the above functionalities can be executed using the command ant execute.evaluation 
